I by east side since I was me ha falling
out head you know how we fly cops is on
the check cameras on the lifeboats a cut
above the rest that's why we keep the
night closing badness we got those too
so who morning yes best that you're
tucking your chin and don't flaunt the
east we hear the West we love y'all and
so I say to the rest may OS will either
weed in my chest I know the ez bed but
that don't mean that we mean and it be
to the west but i prefer kennedy road
from north to south where you can get a
brand new couch or a gun in your mouth
with from the kennedy station of love
the jazz music in the true face one time
you call it what you want will we call
it home from the rapper to the trapping
we've got the throne in Scarborough
and these niggas already do we got
animals in cages Amin walk in the room
wait for my head guess we talking to you
yep instead of megacity brother is never
pretty the whole my hip hop where
average cats get Bob where the murder
rate up and down like the Dow Jones but
let me down home its eastern side though
I know it
Motoko but we're a bit accessibility
when we riding boots cargo stand up I
know some of y'all comedians like stand
up when the east is a house a body just
stand up we've got the damn lock you
should compare us the handcuffs dig dis
we gettin money in the wrist with fresh
carrot cake Scott town on the necklace
yeah I know the EAS steers the BES to me
where they do we even if the cops on the
next tree remarks on the block all day
till the night come where they say don't
break it up till the fight linville
young cats talking now oh jeez acting
wild it's either you're doing time just
put your weight and trout meet a cell so
they can't trace the phone cuz like
Dorothy said there's no place like the
balls in my soul of course it's rare i
have this pain in my heart when I lost
my vision blurred blood start boiling
the only cure my ills ask our city's
gone man so I keep my feet in a creep
finish till I fix you dinner then my
flat C spinning on me
field coach Tyler's dressed but I'm a
juvenile e now metal slug on my chest
yeah